all to-do's in code marked with #TODO

master "to-do" list:

IMPORTANT FOR CORE FUNCTIONALITY:

3. (this is a big one) use a task manager (like celery) to monitor meeting status, update meetings+users; send out "conclusion" thing to all members (Eston's idea); close off meetings that ended (remove buttons to submit/etc., perhaps w/ new html page) - TASK MANAGER

15. (this is a big one-talk w/ Eston) fix contacts+meetings to incorporate non-members (MODDING MODELS - give user a list of non-member emails; give same to meetings, motions, comments, etc. -- if not logged in, let them see the option!) "this meeting is private" page, using emails to verify, etc. all possibilites - ask Eston for clarification.


* = try to do today, hopefully


DONE 

6/25
2. button to return to meeting page from settings/managemembers
4. add "modded" boolean to motion/comment, so it can be made italics; save old version (MODDING MODELS)

6/26
7. restrict private meetings to members only.
8. add host to member list
10. add lists of users in side boxes (overflow: auto;) - this can be styled better/be more useful
25. settings messes up meeting type (always makes it public)
9. fix ability to edit agenda items

6/27
25. delete contacts
22. add people to meetings not really working properly--only adding one at a time. also, remove self from available options. - had to fix other stuff too. a little annoying!
14. fix contacts thing so it doesn't silently fail
20. enable user to remove his/her own comment or motion. also emails if a mod/host did it!
1. show errors on settings page
27. check that password in second part matches first part, for signup; if not report error!
16. for now, just hide the add motion/comment buttons if the person seeing the meeting page isn't a user.
17. enable background cron to shift meeting status to open/closed.


NEXT UP:
31. prevent people from participating in meetings that are not open (not too hard, the functionality's already sorta there). email users when the meeting ends, with the most upvoted motions first.
32. possibly enable system to allow anonymous users to contribute - i.e. people who are not members. this could be a little involved depending on how it works.

BUGLIST:
1. meeting seems to always default to private. whoops.

DO LATERS:
6. support for multiple hosts, instead of just one.
11. hash the usernames instead of just using email
16. fix contacts to use gmail API
17. validate emails and passwords
18. actually make "remember me" do something (or get rid of it)
19. give mod options for what the reason they want to remove info is (spam, unrelated to agenda item, inappropriate)
23. fill out profile stuff and let people like, add a picture or something
24. support agenda items with descriptions
26. show modal windows - "are you sure you want to continue?"
28. "forgot your password"? feature
12. email notifications to members whenever meetings change
29. better string parsing for dates - allow more formats
30. facebook ajax thing for motion/comment updates on-page


